Hi everyone, welcome to the 3rd ICDM Workshop on Machine Learning for Cybersecurity.
This year we are delighted to have wonderful keynote speakers who kindly accepted to share their high-ipact research with us. 
I am very grateful to all of them fro accepting our invite. Special thanks to our keynote speakers from US who kindly accepted our invite despite the timezone difference.

1- 
Our first keynote speaker is Dr. Cristina Nita-Rotaru from North-Eastern University. 
She is one of the most influential pioneers in enhancing the security and resiliency of distributed systems.
I was very lucky to get to know her fantastic work through our common friend Battista. 
She has a very successful and prolific security lab at North-Eastern and I recommend visiting her official website, which has a very rich content.
She has many high-impact works in top venues journals many of them at the intersection of ML and cybersecurity with provable guarantees.
Today, we are very fortunate and excited to hear about one of the latest works from her group on the security of Federated learning (both centeralized and peer-to-peer).
Without Further ado, I bring you Dr. Cristina Nita-Rotaru.

2-
Next we are fortunate to have Dr. Giti Javidi from University of South Florida. 
In addition to her cybersecurity research, Giti is one of the pioneers in cybersecurity education.
Through NSF Scolarship for Service grant, she has successfully prepared neumorous undergrad and grad students for cybersecurity workforce both in goverment and indurstry positons.
Today, we are lucky to be able to listen to her talk on the future of cybersecurity education shaped by AI. Without a further ado, I bring you Dr. Giti Javidi.

3- 
Our next keynote is Dr. Dima Rabadi from Penn State.
she is a very prolific scholar who has produced very interesting work at the intersection of adversarial ML and malware detection.
One aspect that makes Dima's work unique is her experience with industry and working with known research centers.
I believe today she is going to have an interesting talk about developing effective malware defense in cybersecurity.
So without further ado, I bring you Dr. Dima Rabadi.

4-
Next we are fortunate to have a very successful cybersecurity scholar, Dr. Yulei Sui from the University of New South Wales.
He has done excellent work at the intersection of ML and cybersecurity specially in automated vulenerability detection from code.
Today he has kindly accepted to talk about one of his latest works on bug detection from code using a novel contrastive learning method. 
We are excited to listen to the talk, so Yulei, thanks again and the stage is yours.


5-
Next we have our last but not least keynote speaker, Dr. Lin Yun from Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
His interesting work has appeared in both security conferences such as USENIX and top-tier ML conferences such as NeurIPS.
Today we are fortunate to have his talk on openning the black-box of deep learning training procedure via an interesting novel visualization methods that can provide security insights.
Dear Lin, we are excited for your talk and the stage is yours when you are ready.
